Readme.md, before:


# ClearBank.NET

Unofficial .NET client for ClearBank integration, creating online payments via their API.
Bank payment handling automation in United Kingdom.
This aims to be bare and easy.

Here are the pre-conditions:

## 1. Create Azure KeyVault

From the Access Policies, add the role, and "Key Permissions" for the Sign & Verify.
Azure KeyVault supports HSM (hardware security module) backed keys.

## 2. Configure the Certificate -tab

Use e.g. new self-signed sertificate, but the PEM format has to be selected.

Download the certificate, a PEM-file.

## 3. Create a CSR with Open-SSL and upload it to the ClearBank portal

```shell
openssl.exe req -new -sha256 -key "c:\temp\downloaded.pem" -out file.csr
```

-	Upload that to the portal https://institution-sim.clearbank.co.uk/
-	Copy the private key (the long string) from the message box. You need that in the config later, as that will be used in POST header `Authorization: Bearer (the long string)`


## (4. Optional: Ensure the correctness with FI-API-Signtool)

The signing is done similarly than in this repo, but the official code is more messy as it's C#.
[GitHub - clearbank/fi-api-signtool](https://github.com/clearbank/fi-api-signtool)

## 5. Start using this library

Your user code should look something like this:

```fsharp
let doSomeTransactions =
    let clearbankDefaultConfig =
        {
            BaseUrl = "https://institution-api-sim.clearbank.co.uk/"
            PrivateKey = "..."
            AzureKeyVaultName =  "myVault"
            AzureKeyVaultCertificateName = "my-cert"
            AzureKeyVaultCredentials = DefaultCredentials
        } : ClearbankConfigruation

    let fromAccount = UK_Domestic("60-01-34", "51112345")

    let target1 = 
        {
            To = UK_Domestic("60-01-35", "51112346")
            AccountHolder = "Mr Test"
            Sum = 123.00m
            Currency = "GBP"
            Description = "Phone Bill"
            PaymentReference = "123456789"
        } |> ClearBank.createCreditTransfer

    let target2 = 
        {
            To = UK_Domestic("60-01-36", "51112347")
            AccountHolder = "John Doe"
            Sum = 123.00m
            Currency = "GBP"
            Description = "Some money"
            PaymentReference = "12345"
        } |> ClearBank.createCreditTransfer

    let instructions = ClearBank.createPaymentInstruction "Batch123" fromAccount  [| target1 ; target2 |]
    ClearBank.callClearbank clearbankDefaultConfig (Guid.NewGuid()) [| instructions |] |> Async.RunSynchronously

```

If you have problems with the KeyVault authentication, you can change the AzureKeyVaultCredentials in the config

```fsharp
    let clearbankDefaultConfig =
        {
            BaseUrl = "https://institution-api-sim.clearbank.co.uk/"
            PrivateKey = "..."
            AzureKeyVaultName =  "..."
            AzureKeyVaultCertificateName = "..."
            AzureKeyVaultCredentials =
                CredentialsWithOptions (
                    Azure.Identity.DefaultAzureCredentialOptions (
                        //ExcludeEnvironmentCredential = true
                        //,ExcludeManagedIdentityCredential = true
                        ExcludeSharedTokenCacheCredential = true
                        ,ExcludeVisualStudioCredential = true
                        //,ExcludeVisualStudioCodeCredential = true
                        //,ExcludeAzureCliCredential = true
                        //,ExcludeInteractiveBrowserCredential = true
                    )) 
        } : ClearbankConfiguration
```

Commit message:

1.0.3: Separate transaction id from reference, added Webhook verify signature

Readme.md, after:


# ClearBank.NET

Unofficial .NET client for ClearBank integration, creating online payments via their API.
Bank payment handling automation in United Kingdom.
This aims to be bare and easy.

Here are the pre-conditions:

## 1. Create Azure KeyVault

From the Access Policies, add the role, and "Key Permissions" for the Sign & Verify.
Azure KeyVault supports HSM (hardware security module) backed keys.

## 2. Configure the Certificate -tab

Use e.g. new self-signed sertificate, but the PEM format has to be selected.

Download the certificate, a PEM-file.

## 3. Create a CSR with Open-SSL and upload it to the ClearBank portal

```shell
openssl.exe req -new -sha256 -key "c:\temp\downloaded.pem" -out file.csr
```

-	Upload that to the portal https://institution-sim.clearbank.co.uk/
-	Copy the private key (the long string) from the message box. You need that in the config later, as that will be used in POST header `Authorization: Bearer (the long string)`


## (4. Optional: Ensure the correctness with FI-API-Signtool)

The signing is done similarly than in this repo, but the official code is more messy as it's C#.
[GitHub - clearbank/fi-api-signtool](https://github.com/clearbank/fi-api-signtool)

## 5. Start using this library

Your user code should look something like this:

```fsharp
let doSomeTransactions =
    let clearbankDefaultConfig =
        {
            BaseUrl = "https://institution-api-sim.clearbank.co.uk/"
            PrivateKey = "..."
            AzureKeyVaultName =  "myVault"
            AzureKeyVaultCertificateName = "my-cert"
            AzureKeyVaultCredentials = DefaultCredentials
        } : ClearbankConfigruation

    let fromAccount = UK_Domestic("60-01-34", "51112345")

    let target1 = 
        {
            To = UK_Domestic("60-01-35", "51112346")
            AccountHolder = "Mr Test"
            Sum = 123.00m
            Currency = "GBP"
            Description = "Phone Bill"
            PaymentReference = "123456789"
            TransactionId = "12345" // You identify corresponding webhooks with this.
        } |> ClearBank.createCreditTransfer

    let target2 = 
        {
            To = UK_Domestic("60-01-36", "51112347")
            AccountHolder = "John Doe"
            Sum = 123.00m
            Currency = "GBP"
            Description = "Some money"
            PaymentReference = "12345"
            TransactionId = "12345"
        } |> ClearBank.createCreditTransfer

    let instructions = ClearBank.createPaymentInstruction "Batch123" fromAccount  [| target1 ; target2 |]
    ClearBank.callClearbank clearbankDefaultConfig (Guid.NewGuid()) [| instructions |] |> Async.RunSynchronously

```

If you have problems with the KeyVault authentication, you can change the AzureKeyVaultCredentials in the config

```fsharp
    let clearbankDefaultConfig =
        {
            BaseUrl = "https://institution-api-sim.clearbank.co.uk/"
            PrivateKey = "..."
            AzureKeyVaultName =  "..."
            AzureKeyVaultCertificateName = "..."
            AzureKeyVaultCredentials =
                CredentialsWithOptions (
                    Azure.Identity.DefaultAzureCredentialOptions (
                        //ExcludeEnvironmentCredential = true
                        //,ExcludeManagedIdentityCredential = true
                        ExcludeSharedTokenCacheCredential = true
                        ,ExcludeVisualStudioCredential = true
                        //,ExcludeVisualStudioCodeCredential = true
                        //,ExcludeAzureCliCredential = true
                        //,ExcludeInteractiveBrowserCredential = true
                    )) 
        } : ClearbankConfiguration
```
